Template documentation emphasises container usage (#539)
nf-core/tools: nf_core/pipeline-template/{{cookiecutter.name_noslash}}/README.md

i. Install [`nextflow`](https://nf-co.re/usage/installation)

> ii. Install either [`docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) or [`singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) for full pipeline reproducibility (or when these are not possible, [`conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ii. Install either [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) or [`Singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) for full pipeline reproducibility (please only use [`Conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) as a last resort; see [documentation](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#basic-configuration-profiles))
```

> ii. Install either [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) or [`Singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) for full pipeline reproducibility (please only use [`Conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) as a last resort; see [documentation](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#basic-configuration-profiles))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ii. Install either [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) or [`Singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) for full pipeline reproducibility (please only use [`Conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) as a last resort; see [docs](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#basic-configuration-profiles))
```
